Hey Guys, welcome to our movie recap channel.
Today we will be watching the movie “The
Man Without Gravity”. So, please turn on
the subtitles and spoilers ahead.
At the start of the movie, we see a pregnant
woman named Natalia. She is going through
labor pain, and her mother is rushing her
to the hospital.
After reaching the hospital, the nurse informs
them that there are no doctors available.
So, the nurse herself tries to help deliver
the baby. In the operating room, Natalia is
having a hard time giving birth to her child.
The nurse tries to keep her focused and helps
her through the process. Finally, the child
is out of Natalia’s womb. But something
is strange. The newborn child starts floating
in the air, with it being still attached to
its mother.
Seeing the child float in the air, everyone
is shocked. But Natalia pulls her baby to
her chest and hugs it tightly. Despite this
rare phenomena, Natalia seems unfazed due
to her motherly love. She believes that her
child is an angel. But, the nurse is left
speechless, and Natalia’s mother’s face
is filled with concern and confusion.
Realizing that the birth of this rare child
could bring unwanted attention, Natalia and
her mother head out of the hospital and go
back to their house. Natalia’s mother starts
asking her about the father of the child.
But Natalia says that she has no idea. She
used to have physical relations with many
men, so she didn’t know who the real father
of her child was.
Her mother tries to tell her that the child
was not normal. So, they have to keep it safe
from the outside world, and keep everything
a secret.
Next morning, when Natalia’s mother wakes
up, she finds that the baby is in the air,
stuck to the ceiling. She wakes up Natalia
and steps on a chair to bring the baby down.
She starts scolding Natalia for not knowing
the real father of this child. But Natalia
is insistent that her baby is an angel. She
names the child Oscar. Later, their neighbours
arrive at their house to see the new born
baby. To keep the secret from everyone, Natalia’s
mother ties Oscar to his crib with a belt,
and tells her friends to not touch the baby,
as it was very fragile.
After that incident, they both realize that
taking care of the baby was not going to be
easy. They arrange mattresses on the ceiling
to make it safe for the child to float around.
They also realize that if they ever let him
out of the house, Oscar might float in the
sky and reach space. So, they become very
conscious of Oscar and are protective of him.
Just like this, a few years go by, and Oscar
is now 6 years old. And in the 6 years of
his life, Oscar has never stepped out of his
house. So, all that Oscar had experienced
or seen in his short life, was all inside
his house. Even his schooling was done by
his grandmother. Oscar watches a lot of superhero
movies in the house, and he believes that
he too is a superhero with the ability of
flying.
Oscar often asks his mother why he wasn’t
allowed to step out of the house. But he never
gets the answer to it. He spends his time
watching outside the house from the window.
He sees kids of his age, going to school and
living freely outside their house. Oscar wishes
that he too could live like them. He is curious
to know about the life that is outside of
his house. So, one day Oscar decides to see
for himself. He opens the window, and when
his mother and grandmother return, they are
both scared to find the window open. They
believe that Oscar might have opened the window
and floated in the sky.
But, Oscar hadn’t left the house. They are
relieved to find him. But, Oscar’s grandmother
is concerned that he might escape out of the
window for real next time. So, she seals all
the windows of the house, and is unhappy with
Oscar.
Natalia however, realizes that Oscar wants
to see the outside world. She knows that keeping
him locked in the house isn’t the right
thing. So, she fights with her mother, and
takes Oscar outside. She puts two heavy weights
inside Oscar’s jacket. The weights were
keeping Oscar from floating, and keeping him
on the ground.
Natalia’s idea works as Oscar doesn’t
float when he steps out of the house. She
also tells Oscar that he has to keep his ability
a secret from everyone, just like how the
superheroes keep their identity a secret.
Oscar agrees to never tell anyone about his
ability.
One day, Oscar is out with his mother. Natalia
goes inside the shop to buy something and
Oscar stays outside. While waiting for his
mother, Oscar bumps into a girl. The girl’s
name is Sofia and she is mad at Oscar for
bumping into her, which caused her to drop
her belongings. She shouts at Oscar and wants
him to help her carry her items. Sofia hands
Oscar two water bottles and says that it's
his punishment to carry those water bottles
to her house.
Oscar doesn’t know what to do, but he follows
Sofia anyway, without telling his mother.
On their way, Oscar and Sofia start talking
to each other. Oscar is tired having to carry
two massive weights inside his jacket, along
with the two water bottles. So, he takes out
the weights from his jacket and leaves it.
Sofia and Oscar tell each other their names,
and begin their friendship.
They reach Sofia’s house, but Oscar cannot
let go of the water bottles. He knows that
doing so will result in him floating in the
sky. Sofia asks Oscar to hand her the water
bottles, but Oscar refuses to do so. Sofia
is confused to see Oscar, and she grabs the
water bottles from Oscar. As soon as Sofia
takes the bottles, Oscar starts to float in
the air, but is thankfully saved. Sofia is
shocked to see Oscar float around in the sky,
and even calls him Superman. Oscar asks her
for help, and Sofia quickly pulls him down,
and holds him. But she knows this won’t
work. So, she goes inside her house and returns
with a pink bag filled with stones. She hands
the bag to Oscar, who finally manages to stay
on the ground, with the help of the bag’s
weight. Oscar asks her to keep it a secret,
and Sofia promises to him that she will not
tell anyone about his secret. From there on,
they become good friends.
Meanwhile, Natalia is scared thinking about
the disappearance of Oscar. And her mother
finds the weight that was thrown by Oscar.
But, Oscar soon returns to his house, and
tells his mother about Sofia. Natalia is concerned
that Oscar might have told her about his secret.
But Oscar assures her that he didn’t tell
Sofia about his secret.
From that day, Sofia begins to visit Oscar
in his house, and Natalia too is happy to
see that Oscar had made a friend. They begin
playing inside the house, and Natalia even
allows them to go outside to play on their
own. But, Natalia soon finds out that Sofia
knows about Oscar’s secret. So, she stops
allowing her to come see Oscar. Oscar and
Sofia could no longer see each other, and
the neighbours were also witnessing all of
these. They believe that Oscar was imprisoned
by his mother and grandmother.
Soon, the police visit Natalia, and ask her
about Oscar. They even warn them that they
cannot keep a child locked inside the house.
The police tell Natalia that they should send
Oscar to the school. Next day, Natalia and
her mother drive Oscar to his new school.
At school, Natalia realizes that Oscar wouldn’t
be allowed to carry his bag all the time.
She gets scared that something bad might happen
to Oscar in the school. So, she takes Oscar
back with her. Natalia and her mother realize
that it will be hard for Oscar to survive
in this environment. So, they leave their
house, and live somewhere far away from everybody.
Many years have gone by, and Oscar is now
a grown man. Natalia is old, and her mother
has passed away. Despite being older, Oscar
still has the pink bag that was given to him
by Sofia. He often holds the bag close to
him, and thinks about Sofia and their friendship.
She was the only friend he ever had. And Oscar’s
life hasn’t changed by much. He still isn’t
allowed to live like a normal person. He is
fed up by the daily routine of his life. He
still has to carry the heavy bag when he goes
outside his house, and Natalia is still protective
of him.
Oscar and Natalia have a great bond with each
other. They both love each other. But, Natalia
is aware that this is not the life that Oscar
wants, but she also cannot do anything about
it.
One night, Oscar sees an ad for a reality
show called “The Extraordinary Men”. Oscar
believes himself to be extraordinary and starts
to think that if he showcases his power in
that show, people might like him, and he no
longer has to hide his secret. So, he silently
leaves his house, without telling his mother.
Oscar soon arrives at the show, and finally
presents his secret to the world, which he
has been keeping for years. The show becomes
an instant hit, and Natalia also ends up finding
out about it.
Oscar becomes famous overnight, and is approached
by a person named David. He is a content agent
and he tells Oscar that he can help him become
more famous, and earn more money by organizing
shows and events for him. David takes Oscar
to a big house, which is for him to live in.
Then David asks Oscar to sign a contract,
and Oscar happily signs it as he wants to
be famous.
Oscar is then given the nickname “The Man
Without gravity”. He does photoshoots, and
events which makes him more famous than before.
Oscar seems happy with everything and has
earned a lot of money as well. The media also
starts covering Oscar and his childhood. They
show the house that he lived in as a child.
And they also present Natalia and her mother
in a bad light for never letting Oscar out.
Natalia is sad to see all this happen. And
slowly, Oscar starts to realize that this
was not what he wanted to do. He wanted to
be accepted by people, live freely and be
adored for his ability. He wanted to become
a superhero. But he was turning out to be
a circus clown, which people paid money to
see. He tells David that he no longer wants
to do such shows anymore. But David tells
him that he has signed a contract and has
to do the shows which were booked for him.
Natalia comes to meet Oscar, and David takes
her to him. Upon seeing his mother, Oscar
isn’t sure how to react. He wanted everyone
to know about his powers, but now when they
do, he isn’t happy. Natalia asks him if
everything was okay. And Oscar lies to her
that everything was fine.
After this, Oscar is brought to a show where
he has to wear an angel costume. Natalia is
also among the audience. Oscar isn’t happy
with what he was asked to do. And Natalia
too is shocked to see how her son was being
presented. Everyone in the audience starts
clapping, but Oscar starts to bad mouth everyone,
as he is angry with his presentation.
With the actions of Oscar, David isn’t happy
at all. But Oscar makes it clear to him that
he no longer wants to do any shows or events.
He wants to quit everything and doesn’t
want to be famous anymore. David tells Oscar
that he cannot just quit everything. But,
Oscar is adamant and tells David to tell everyone
that “The Man Without Gravity” was dead.
And soon, the news comes out stating that
Oscar was no longer alive. The news media
starts to arrive at Natalia’s house to ask
her about Oscar, but she doesn’t tell them
anything. Few years go by, and Natalia becomes
old and dies.
On the other hand, Oscar was living a different
life. He started acting as a wheelchair bound
person, and had grown his beard to not let
anyone recognize him. He had started working
at a hotel as a receptionist, and was very
much loved by the people there. Even till
this day, he is still carrying the bag which
was given to him by Sofia.
One day, a lady sees him carrying that bag
and she follows him. She calls him Oscar,
who quickly denies that his name is not Oscar.
But the lady introduces herself as Sofia.
They both are happy to see each other, and
Oscar shares his life story. He starts to
become happy again in his life, with the arrival
of Sofia. They are as happy as when they were
children. They even have feelings for each
other, and share the same bed.
But one day, he sees her with an unknown man.
Oscar realizes that Sofia was sleeping with
other men to earn money. Next time, Oscar
has a flower for Sofia, but this time too,
she has brought an old man with her. Seeing
this, Oscar gets sad and doesn’t know what
to do.
Sofia also realizes that she cannot act like
nothing is going on. She goes to Oscar and
asks him what he wants. Oscar says that he
wants them to live together, away from this
place. But Sofia tells him that it isn't as
easy as he thinks. It’s hard to survive
in this world, and she wants to live her life
in comfort by earning as much money as she
can. So, Oscar leaves from there without Sofia.
He returns back to his childhood home, and
prepares to live out the rest of his life
there. Then, unexpectedly, Oscar finds Sofia
at his doorsteps with the pink bag in her
hands. Sofia says that she is ready to live
together with him, and Oscar is happy to hear
that. They start living together, and Sofia
gets pregnant with their child. And Oscar
starts to work at an old age facility, as
a window cleaner with a batman costume. The
old people are amazed and happy to see this
floating man. One of them even starts calling
him out as Batman. And with this, Oscar finally
realizes his dream of becoming a superhero
and more importantly, has found purpose to
his life.
Thanks for watching the video. Before you
leave, please like this video and subscribe
to the channel for more movie recaps.